Well here we are at the last section of the course.
You've learned quite a lot about Codlin if you've been dabbling in the language yourself.
You might have noticed that we didn't cover everything there is to know about Katlin discourses here
to get you up and running quickly by leveraging your Java knowledge.
So I've tried to relate new features and changes in Cartland back to Java as much as possible but of
course there's more to explore.
Now in this final section we're going to take another look at the text adventure code that I converted
at the top of the course.
Now I said when I did that that by the end of the course you'd be able to explain the code to me or
in fact to anybody else.
And if you've watched all the videos in the course then this code is now going to seem pretty simple
to you.
You are going to recognize everything that I used.
So we'll take another look at that code.
So let's get started.